Add batch transfers info (#6772)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-transactions.md

(**linear vesting**) or the full amount after a specific block number (**cliff vesting**). In all
vesting cases, the lock decreases over time until all the funds are transferable.

> ### Batch Transfers

Reviewer: Batch _transactions_, not just batch _transfers_ - not all batches have to be transfers

> Batch transfers are transfers that include multiple calls. The `utility` pallet is used to dispatch batched calls, and there are three ways of doing it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batch transfers are transfers that "batch together" multiple calls. The `utility` pallet is used to dispatch batched calls, and there are three types of batch calls:
```

> Batch transfers are transfers that "batch together" multiple calls. The `utility` pallet is used to dispatch batched calls, and there are three types of batch calls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batch transactions are single transactions that "batch together" multiple calls. The `utility` pallet is used to dispatch batched calls, and there are three types of batch calls:
```

> - `utility.batch()`: stops execution if it encounters an error and emits an event with the number of executed calls and the error of the failed call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `utility.batch()`: Stops execution if it encounters an error and emits an event with the number of executed calls and the error of the failed call.
```

> - `utility.batchAll()`: atomic batch execution, meaning that if a call within the batch fails, everything is rolled back as if nothing happened.

Reviewer: ".. meaning that if _any_ call within the batch fails.."

> - `utility.batchAll()`: atomic batch execution, meaning that if any call within the batch fails, everything is rolled back as if nothing happened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `utility.batchAll()`: Atomic batch execution, meaning that if any call within the batch fails, everything is rolled back as if nothing happened.
```

> - `utility.forceBatch()`: All calls before and after one fails will be executed.

Reviewer: Please rephrase, e.g.

"If any transaction fails, it is ignored, and the rest of the transactions are executed."

| Function | Stops on Error | Atomic | Events for Debugging |
|--------|--------|--------|--------|
| `batch`| Yes | No | Yes |

> | `batchAll`| Yes | Yes | Not needed |

Reviewer: Can you explain why it is not needed here?

Author: It's an "all or nothing" situation. No need to emit an event, as it will be 100% success or 100% failure

Author: added a detailed table about events triggered for each case
